Why? Thank you.
Let me talk to you.
Sorry, I just wanted everyone to sit down.
Then we chatted, since we were little,
If something like this happens, so be it,
I'll treat you to dinner alone,
Find your home.
What are you doing?
Do you like the confinement period?
What are you talking about?
Look, remember who you are.
What are you doing again? I spent your time here,
No?
I would think I like a brother.
If you think so,
Because he seems pretty handsome
But if I'm worried
i definitely will
It will definitely happen. It will definitely happen.
Install the road slab again
Did I eat it wrong?
What did I eat wrong?
you will see
You still say you ate correctly
But you look like this
It's pretty cute. How about going home?